“You must settle all those matters with Rose. I am no longer captain,
only first mate now, you know,” answered Dr. Alec, adding soberly, half
to himself, half to his brother, “I wonder people are in such haste to
'bring out' their daughters, as it's called. To me there is something
almost pathetic in the sight of a young girl standing on the threshold
of the world, so innocent and hopeful, so ignorant of all that lies
before her, and usually so ill prepared to meet the ups and downs of
life. We do our duty better by the boys, but the poor little women are
seldom provided with any armor worth having, and sooner or later they
are sure to need it, for every one must fight her own battle, and only
the brave and strong can win.”

“You can't reproach yourself with neglect of that sort, Alec, for you
have done your duty faithfully by George's girl, and I envy you the
pride and happiness of having such a daughter, for she is that to you,”
 answered old Mac, unexpectedly betraying the paternal sort of tenderness
men seldom feel for their sons.

“I've tried, Mac, and I am both proud and happy, but with every year my
anxiety seems to increase. I've done my best to fit Rose for what may
come, as far as I can foresee it, but now she must stand alone, and all
my care is powerless to keep her heart from aching, her life from being
saddened by mistakes, or thwarted by the acts of others. I can only
stand ready to share her joy and sorrow and watch her shape her life.”

“Why, Alec, what is the child going to do that you need look so solemn?”
 exclaimed Mrs. Clara, who seemed to have assumed a sort of right to Rose
already.

“Hark! And let her tell you herself,” answered Dr. Alec, as Rose's voice
was heard saying very earnestly, “Now, you have all told your plans for
the future, why don't you ask us ours?”

“Because we know that there is only one thing for a pretty girl to do
break a dozen or so hearts before she finds one to suit, then marry and
settle,” answered Charlie, as if no other reply was possible.

“That may be the case with many, but not with us, for Phebe and I
believe that it is as much a right and a duty for women to do something
with their lives as for men, and we are not going to be satisfied with
such frivolous parts as you give us,” cried Rose with kindling eyes. “I
mean what I say, and you cannot laugh me down. Would you be contented to
be told to enjoy yourself for a little while, then marry and do nothing
more till you die?” she added, turning to Archie.

“Of course not that is only a part of a man's life,” he answered
decidedly.